Readme for DynamicDNSAgentService version 1.0

DynamicDNSAgentService is a windows service that automatically updates a specific dns record
every 4 hours (configurable) using your Dreamhost account API and dreamhost hosted domain.

Please note that this software only works if you have a Dreamhost domain and you have setup an
API key that has all three dns commands (dns-{list_domain,remove_domain,add_domain}). To get your
API key, goto https://panel.dreamhost.com.

Also note that this software contacts an external website to get your computers external ip address.
By default this host is badpointer.net. This is configurable via the configuration file and a sample
php script to run on your own server is provided as 'external_ip.php' If you want to change this before
the service is started, do not choose to start the service during setup.

Zone is optional, but if set it must match the zone of the domain being updated. e.g. lets say you want a 
domain named "myhost.example.com", the zone would be "example.com".

DynamicDNSAgent logs events to the event log. Check there to check for proper operation (or lack thereof).

Version Information:
	1.0: (10/23/2011)
		Inital Release
	1.1:
		Changed the location of the external ip script on the server.
	1.2:
		Client now autodetects the ip address type and updates the correct record (A or AAAA) automatically.
	1.2.1:
		Minor code cleanup. Prepped source.
	1.2.2: (10/24/2011)
		Improved event log access. The service now creates and deletes its own log "DDNS Client" upon installation. 
			You will need to restart the computer to for the logs to update properly in some cases.

DynamicDNSAgentService is copyright 2011 Eric Hobbs.

This software is NOT supported or endorsed by Dreamhost.
